everyone remembers the first time we saw
LV farm set amongst 75 acres of Kentish
countryside it's a medieval farmstead in
a truly magical setting time stands
still here ancient buildings have
survived seven centuries and sheep still
prays in the paddocks people fall in
love with this place Simon and I did
when we first saw it back in 2006 I
remember driving down the lane and
coming through the bottom of the Lane
and thinking wow this place looks
beautiful it was a glorious day was yeah
yeah a lovely sunny day and the place
just look really pretty yeah we kind of
fell in love with it immediately didn't
we and then we went back home and we
sort of got our computers out our
laptops out and just worked out how on
earth we could afford to do it and we
priced up everything didn't we soaps -
toilet rolls just sausages - bacon and
every now and again one of us would slam
our fish down and say no we can't do it
we shouldn't do it and then the other
person would try a bit harder and crunch
the numbers again and eventually we went
we've had so many spreadsheets with
different things on it was quite sad
really
our plan was mammoth to convert the farm
into a four-star guest house restaurant
and wedding venue but when we first
arrived on sites the condition of the
farmer was far worse than we'd
remembered wherever we looked things
were falling apart
broken neglected it was a major projects
work began in the cold and frosty
January of 2007 and boy did we work LV
farm had been run as a B&B and
self-catering guesthouse since the early
80s but it was in serious need of an
overhaul first job to put out those 80s
kitchens then every tile came out of the
old bathrooms we were putting in central
heating hot water seven new bathrooms
four living rooms oh and did I mention
we were also renovating a toast house
too
and we're given ourselves just two
months it got to sort of yesterday and
we realized that we hadn't really done
much in terms of all the bedrooms and
everything we realized there was still
so much more to do
I mean there's so many rooms it's not
true and we thought well you know here
we are five days in and what have we
achieved we still haven't really started
in any of the bathrooms but suddenly
today it's really come on a spur and we
both realize we've really needed to put
our finger out so it's now 10:00 to late
the dinner's nearly ready and we're
doing all right but this time tomorrow
I reckon all of the bathrooms will be
out all the kitchens will be out you
just start this disabled room all right
there are problems major problems
deliveries were late and arrived wrong
it's frustrating when works delayed
because of a simple mix-up with
deliveries tempers were frayed so run
through it what they've got wrong um
well they didn't deliver the RV shower
system they haven't delivered the two
shower mixers that go with the baths and
they've delivered three sets of feet two
of which the Roman one of ways so I
wanted two sets of feet they delivered
three and two of them are wrong so what
he said um and then there's the two
seats which was once missing once the
wrong sort of see and in the cracked and
the marked system so um he spoken to the
store and he's just about to fire off an
email complaining and he's gonna get it
sorted didn't hopefully have them here
a few days what happens if they don't
arrive and he's given me his number what
happens if I don't arrive then I bring
up my Balan them what happens if it
doesn't work I don't know I'll pass out
to you the weather was against us from
the start the snow fell and the only one
who seemed to be enjoying themselves was
Scooby our first guests were due on the
1st of March just two months after we
moved in looking back on it it was an
insane schedule and we put him long
fraught and frustrating hours most of
the time I thought what the hell have we
done in those first few weeks when we
were working really long hours to pull
the place apart and it just seemed to be
looking worse rather than better I think
the worst bit was probably when I took
some tiles off the wall and the whole
wall came down with it and then there
was a pipe that burst and I got really
wet which wasn't fun somehow we made it
seven beautiful rooms little suites with
living rooms contemporary bathrooms
stunning bedrooms two years down the
line we're still amazed at what we did
next time on LV farm TV Kentish cooking
the old-fashioned way and LV farm gears
up for some new arrivals